 Developed a new ranking algorithm and you want to compare it against the current baseline. You run both systems on a standard test collection containing 50 queries and compute the average precision. The sample mean is 0.1 and 0.1, so basically you improved the average precision. Visually, the box plots of the two AP distributions show a large overlapping area. Please answer the following three points. Explain why simply observing the higher mean and looking at the box plots is not sufficient to definitively conclude that system new is superior to system base. What is the underlying assumption about the data that requires us to perform a statistical hypothesis test? We see that the new system min is greater than the base system min. This is not enough. This happens because the whiskers of the two distributions may overlap. And this is visually confirmed by looking to the box plots. So they actually overlap and we are not sure that the simple mean difference is significant. For this reason we need a more precise delink. It is statistically hypothesis testing. The data is assumed to follow a normal distribution. assume that they are to be independent and we assume that they are... Well, I said... Since I was talking about assumptions, I said I put assumptions. I set an available area, but there is only a small... The only formal reason is that we are observing samples and... Ah, not the entire population. The difference observed may have... So, okay, because there are noises, okay? Assumption, okay. The solution is that there is noise. Test formulation. You decide to use a parent-student test, formalize the null hypothesis and alternative hypothesis. Furthermore, explain why the test statistic follows a student distribution rather than a standard normal Gaussian distribution, explicitly mentioning the concept of degrees of fluency. So formalize means that H0 are equal and H1 are different. Explain why the test statistics follow the student's t-distribution. Eh... Eh... I don't follow the Gaussian... Ah! It sounded... ... ... ... I'll tell you. The S is the first attack of security. I remember that I think of that I associate the two things of that second form with the partner. Thank you. © transcript Emily Beynon So, where are we? Why the test statistic follows a student's t-distribution? What did I write down here? Distribution depends on from n minus 1 degrees of freedom, where n is the number of centers. It is like a system of equations, but variable. I think I had this thing a little bit soiled. Fantastic also recalls the analogy of equations system, shows that it has metabolized the concept. It has also used another language property, explaining the difference between reset and fail-to-reset. I had to write specifically- okay here because I didn't have that- okay. In addition, your textual definition of h0 is slightly inaccurate. h0 prescribes the question of exactly the same thing. and the state of the test that the difference should be similar because in the the test statistic follows the distribution and not standard normal because in the central limit we use the variance of the population it is unknown and we use an estimation We would need the real average, of the real variance but we don't have that and therefore we use the distribution data. Describe the specific statistical risk you are introducing, name the exact phenomenon , provide its formula, and briefly explain why this is dangerous for an information retrieval engineer. We will see here, 4.5 out of 5. Excellent. You identified a multiple comparison problem in the family again and you give me a credit note for having already corrected the Bonferroni and his concoction. This shows that you are integrating knowledge and have a great vision of SCI. Even. A small mathematical projection on the number of coefficients. If you have 10 variations of the 1 system, you're not doing 10 tests. Ah, well. Okay. You're converting the pair. The number of combinations is 45, so the exponent of the formula, which makes, is 45 and not 10, which makes the risk of positive cases even higher. Almost 90%... This is the ideal answer. This one is ok. Ok, we skip the 24th option which is an other option. And if you want, we can scroll to the other side. Ok, here it is. Oh, there is one on... The one about... The indigrafi The one about Michael Jordan Michael Jordan is here 100 meters for a hundred days Nice Actually first there is lesson 25 that is... Let's see here Ok, this is the exercise of earlier the same one of earlier I don't know if this question was asked in the E325. Perhaps you asked the question in the E325. Yes. We are participating in a track evaluation campaign, and you need to compare the performance of 50 different information-level systems using the mean average precision metric. Suppose you decide to compare every possible pair of systems. Okay, clear. That's the same thing. Because I'm not sure. Family-wise, I'm great. Bonferroni correction. What is the main criticism? Explain now this criticism relates to textual. Okay. And Poglianova. If you decide to abandon, explain why the assumption of normality is strictly violated when using IR metrics like average precision. Why is the t-test still widely used despite this violation? Then, if you decide to abandon Peruà's t-test and use the one wean over, that models only the system effect, why would this model be considered structurally weak? Why don't consider the topic variation? but the systems yes, it ends too long, well I don't know if you want to know the exact, perfect and ideal answer I found this Ewa Wajanova Attends to model the variance in performance course in IR, empirical heatmaps show ok the one that we showed you the map there, with all the heat maps the matrix show that the variance across topics is vastly larger than variance across systems because, one way or another, it does not model the topic effect, all this massive topic variance is absorbed by the residual error because basically the error is everything that we cannot explain and if we don't introduce the topic we cannot explain the variance of the topic and therefore it becomes an error The inflated error drowns out the system effect, leading to severe Type II errors. This structural limitation paves the way for the two-way ANOVA, which explicitly models both system and topic effects, significantly reducing the unexplained error. Okay, we have the value of 326. It's like a multi-parameter ANOVA. And it is always the same. Variance partitioning describes how the total variance is partitioned in one-way ANOVA. So basically it was about putting s and s of the topics in the sum. Model selection why is the two-way ANOVA model strictly recommended over the one-way model for IR evaluation? in your explanation, the tail out this size impacts the residual error and the resulting confidence in that division there, you are MSSystem divided by MSError if the MSError decreases because the SSError decreases then the error increases, so the error increases the F if the f increases we get closer to the threshold, the tuk depends on that and then we pass the transform. So here we have the explanation of the Logistic regression. Binary classification. So, here is the explanation of the Regression Logistics. Binary classification. We want our system to read a sentence, the search was great, and decides whether the feeling is often positive or negative. Here we are still talking about traditional machine learning, no one at network level, no transformation, no attention, nothing. A human being decides which features describe the sentence better. We create an input vector containing values ​​such as the number of words, the number of positive words, the count of the word NO. Our model is characterized by a weight vector, with dimensions 1 x f. each weight indicates how important a specific feature is to determine the final class and then we do the sum of the weights there is the activation, so this sum of weights passes within the sigmoid function if it is less than 3.5 it is negative, if it is greater than 3.5 is positive simple often we use that because the logit is the opposite, but never mind the learning process you have the loss function, which is the cross entropy loss if reality is 1 and the model is 0.9 the error is low, if the model is 0.1 the error is high gradient descent the gradient and the loss are done the weight is respected the gradient indicates the direction and you do the scaling adjustment from the learning rate and everything we did with BIN beautiful And... he told me that the didactic notes are divided in mini-patches. In the class you don't use the sigmoid anymore, you just use the softmax. You simply use the softmax, which is this formula. And that's it. For the rest, nothing changes, it changes that the output is no longer this or that, but it is ... and in the case then in the transform it will also become like 100,000 words, that is the output, all the vocabulary. Then this was the end essentially of the first lesson. In the second lesson, it starts with Neural Network, so we are still in the BUNBIN resume. The single neuron, we know how it's done, the neuron, you know the matrix of the weights, neuron, you know the activation function that is the sigmoid or the rel or other stuff and at the end at the end again imagine that you want to resume our sentiment analysis computer architecture of our network will be defined by these fundamental equations so you take the matrix weights matrix, multiply it by the input, and then create a... there's the hidden layer, multiply it by the matrix, the one there, hidden layer, and the output layer, and the output layer is given by softmax. And that's all. Okay, so there's the input, hidden layer, and the output layer. In this case we lose interpretability, Now let's move on to... Let's take a word. A word is coded by a vector, initially. This vector has... Like, if we have 100,000 words in the vocabulary there will be a 100,000-dimensional vector. with all 0 and 1 corresponding to the elements. These vectors go through the matrix E, then they are multiplied and translated, from 100,000 dimensions we go to 50-100 dimensions. And these vectors then ... Do you have the input, don't you? Like the word ... your prompt. obviously not that there is gbt and these three, in this case, for example, these three are linked and create the context window. This linked vector, It is then sent to the layers and the training is done in this case in a self-supervised way. It is done with a sliding window. The context window is initially the input and then every time you remove the first word input and you put the output that comes from the previous word becomes the word that comes that has been generated previously becomes part of the input itself and therefore in this way you have your your data if it is clear from the wikipedia page and the task is to generate the right words If it is wrong, there is the back propagation mechanism that we saw with Vandy, which still relies on gradient descent, team-piring the weights, so every time it's wrong, the weights are modified. And so it does the training. This is the problem of language modelling. which is a classification problem because in the end what you do is get the boot layer of this neural network in every step and there is softmax which generates the most valuable word. The most valuable word, take it, it's your output and put it inside the contest window which generates another word through softmax that will put it back in the contest window and so on and so on this is what i said And there we are. By the way, like, Enrico hasn't been to Machinoni's? No, and I'm the only one who's been there. What? They didn't do it, at least. Anyway, that's how it works, I mean... Backpropagation is a terrible thing, because it's a sensitivity vector, I don't really know how it works, it's an absurd mess. But... it's the opposite, the output part arrives, it's in fact back, then there is also the forward propagation before, in other words... You can go on. Yes, because the idea is that you cannot, to create the best neural network, you should start from the bottom and resystem the pacing, which is the only parameter that you can make vary. Yes. This is the basic idea and then there is all the explanation of why this algorithm is used, because the version is stochastic etc. Gattuso will be the Totale di Lazzia. Yes I saw it. I was hoping for Paladino, instead there is Gattuso. Well, let's say the total, absolute the mediocrity of the lazi disarming the mint of natalanta with giuntoli and cons livestream giuntoli parca puttana now he has to come from the swiss who bought it he but also with him the current then recurring practically only saba only that there is the new one is an additional factor that is given by recurrence, so in each layer, in addition to the function, let's say the function called g, in addition to the factor that was there in the feedforward neural network, another matrix is added that multiplies the vector given from the hidden layer of the previous temporal step. So, basically, memory is introduced. I have the context. This is the adaptive vector and this is the learning vector. This means that, number one, when you do learning, it doesn't change much. But what does is, in the network you can't parallel. And in the Transformers you can. and then there is another thing that I don't even know about the speech on how to move forward in context and if they forget it is there after a certain length exact people are too much and then there is also the problem of venice ingredient because because its values ​​in the nodes of the network are are very small. And if you keep multiplying, because we did this for the class, you do U, this U is multiplied by another U, by another U, by another U, by another U, you go back to the mechanism of the rolling area, back and forth, you continuously multiply these numbers that are less than 1. And if they are lower than 1 it means that every time you multiply them they will become even further away from 1, even closer to 0. At this point they will be so close to zero that they will be simply a huge noise. So that's why you lose your memory. Yes. Instead, then, it will arrive before already in this... All right, wait. This is the... This is gUH1 plus x2 and therefore U of gUH0, so U times U times U times U Multiplying it 2 times by matrices makes you keep the signal at 0 Maybe you are slow Here's what changed in the ... In the training that in feed forward you used the output for the input yes, right in this case if the generated word is wrong there is feature forcing and so we use in the input the right word suppose the network is wrong and provides the word Monday At the next step, we do not give the error to the network in the T.2 command, we force the input by inserting the correct word and we get the target taken from the adjustment test. In the network recursion, we already talk about encoder and decoder, in particular in the encoder-decoder structure. The encoder is a network recursion, and the decoder is a network recursion. The encoder is a network recursion that can see everything, context, all the sentence, it generates a context vector which is literally the last hidden layer of this encoder but the output will be the input of the decoder that will receive this context vector continuously which is precisely that whole story of the iron that says cil cilbro that would be the decoder that asks cilbro because the encoder continued to remind him with the context vector the phrase of input and therefore the decoder says cilbro I was going to say that the context vector is actually a bottleneck because its ... that is, you can't You can't condense a phrase, especially when you're imagining a prompt, you can't condense everything into a simple vector. And then another thing that's said here... Okay this is the same thing... That was just an example of slides, I think. This is context vector. And then there is the attention mechanism that is literally the... ...precursor of self-attention. ...of the transformers. Yes, of the transformers' self-attention. From the feed-forward neural network, we get the notoriety generation mechanism, the supervised approach, the fact that there is a softmax, the fact that there is a 1-0-10 encoding, that there is an embedding matrix, ok? From Recurrent, the fact that they are recurrents, the encoder, the decoder, you get the attention. The attention is simply that in this case you have the encoder and you have the decoder. the decoder has not only the context vector, but also all the encoding layers available. So, before you got a step of the decoder that took the context vector as input, it was always the same. The second round you always get the same but you get a lot of them and then in all of this you do the softmax because then you calculate the product, the dot product, between the token that you are considering in the decoder and every single hidden layer of the encoder So you do the product of all, you do the sum and you do the softmax in theory Or no, you do the softmax and that's it Then I think there is the question that the score this version which is finished I don't remember if you already divided here by the vector's dimension root. I think it's in the self-attention. In the self-attention you also have the three matrices. The query, the key and ... Yes, but I don't know if there's already the ... Fine, let's see the question here. In the context of neural language models and sequence generation, recurrent neural network introduced the ability to process sequences of arbitrary length. However, standard RNNs and basic encoder- decoder architectures suffer from significant structural limitations. Briefly explain the main limitation of a standard recurrent neural network in carrying forward information across log sequences. The attention mechanism describes how the attention mechanism solves the bottleneck problem. explicitly explain the steps required to compute the dynamic context vector because here the context vector is dynamic because every time, since you do the vector product between all and then you do the SOP MAX here So instead of using only the last hidden state of the encoder, the decoder can have access to all the hidden states generated by the encoder At every step of the decoder we calculate a similarity between the current state of the decoder, and all the hidden states of the encoder. This approach is identical to the calculation of similarity in search engines. So it's the same as... okay, in similarity you then divided by the norm. We apply the SOFTMAX function to these similarities by naming them TALS01. These values are the weight, AttentionWeights. Create a dynamic context vector that is a sum of all the states of the code. If the network has to translate the subject of the sentence, the attention will be concentrated almost 100% on the word representing the subject in the input, and the rest will be raised. In the next step, to translate the verb, the attention will dynamically move on the original verb. The bottle neck is destroyed, the network is active, dynamically reaching what it needs, exactly how it needs it. the information retrieval parallel how does the computer the competition of the facial weights conceptually assembled a classic information retrieval task referred to how similar it is which when he does the project exact, not scaled yes, not normalized not normalized yes, yes, partially here, here ... I asked to ask me another question in the 2000 eh? what? Ise... Joshua Bench that is, yes, the guy ok and there's also a photo there Is it true that there is the timeline? Yes, yes. The timeline, the timeline of important people. Statistical Engrams are the ones we saw a while ago. the one we saw in the traditional IR This approach fundamentally relies on treating the next-world prediction as a classification task Explain how language modeling is framed as a classification task in a feedforward model Specifically describe the role of the fixed context window and how the output layer is structured You have to explain the output layer structure that is the softmax The input layer is the one hotencoding, which then is the embedding matrix. You make the product and create the vectors of the context, here, yes, we can continue so, we go to the line and we see the input representation contrast one hot encoding with the embedding layer why is passing from sparse 1H of vectors to dense and bending quotient steps for this architecture? 1H? It's called 1H vector? Yes, it's called 1H encoding, that of 2T0 and... also a question of space but you remove clearly so you remove it becomes a bit black magic as you can say you remove explainability because the machines give these numbers but we are not able to be behind them however, explain what it means that this network is trained using a self-supervised approach its loss coefficient is minimized and here we use a square because we can simulate ourselves this for this reason for the reason during training we use gradient descent and back-propagation to minimize loss function that is the cross-sector velocity in the form of a linear lagging the weights are updated at every iteration using the gradient and the learning rate this thing is exactly what makes this AI technology a big boss for us, because we can't follow only this massive amount of numbers. I repeated myself, but I don't know how I got it... Here are conceptual errors. It's written that we use Ceph, but we can't use these huge numbers. This is not right, maybe it's because we don't need to be human, which is...so, we can't just use these names In language modeling we use text the brain without needing human or 3D labels. Instead, it extracts the ground truth directly from those By knowing at beginning that the input is the context window and the target label is naturally the actual next world that appears in the text. We were able to evaluate its performance, the network minimized the cost center of use. Through back-propagation stochastic gradient descent, the network conducts its matrices to maximize the mobility assigned to the correct world. we arrived to Transformer and Transformer what it does is use then, we have seen before attention now you take that vector there which is that one that comes in the decoder you take it The token gives three different meanings, the same token so it will be three different numbers, three different positions. One is the ... they are the result of three different matrices, one is the query, the other is the value and the other is the key. The other is the key and the other is the value. The Query is the token that we are considering. Mhm. The Key is the token that ... Mmm ... is considered by the Query. And the product is scaled, among those ... and normalized. Yes. And the size of the dimensions is normalized. Right. The value is the sum of what comes out of it. That is, then, why? Because the score is the scaled product ... scaled from this root. Yes, and then you do like the softmax to ... You do a softmax ... you do a softmax and you create these values ... And then you do the sum. Yes, multiplied and added up for the value. Because you learn the value. What is the value? The value is this token XI multiplied by the value matrix. The value matrix must be learned and that's always the point. The matrices must be learned. Initially, they are initialized randomly and then every time you learn them. Anyway, this is how you are creating, primarily, different values, so that you can see different shades of the same touch. Ok, here, self-attention... Simultaneously. Panelitron There are the decoderolls, encoderolls and encoder-decoder, but we'll see later Obviously, as we know, you have the pre-training of these models, which is very very very very very very very very very very expensive and very very very very very very general then there are the fine tuning that can be done on a single GPU ... etc. low costs for specific applications and basically you remove an add and put it on top, basically. And the add is this function, the softmax function, which is basically a layer. Here there is the query question and the query is this, it represents the token on which the question is focused. Key, token when evaluated by the query and value is the actual content. If the query and the key match this the value that will have passed to build the final representation mathematics are products at the end and then I can scale the product normalize because the product could explode you place it on softmax and do exactly what you told me earlier then here we need to pay attention to this j-e we are talking about decoders in fact because you can't look forward essentially you only look back here and therefore j-e then it doesn't even exist the matter that the matrix of the weights are masked on the upper part I know of the weights, but I don't know in which context. However, in a certain sense there is a matrix that at this moment has all the values ​​at least infinite from the value we are using in advance, while later there will be freedom of view. in the decoder this thing? In the encoder only? It was not in the decoder? The decoder is precisely this, the decoder is what looks at us from behind. I thought that masking the upper part of the weight matrix was used to prevent him from looking forward, but maybe I'm wrong. No, Pluma, the decoder generates the next word. ... Ok, we'll get back to that later. Then, we said self-attention, but the thing is even more complicated than that, because you take with self-attention you're evaluating only one thing but the phrases are complicated synthetically there are relationships with phrases that are inserted into other phrases and so one of self-attention is not enough because in reality every test follows self-attention and you can do it in parallel in the initial transformer they were broken but now they are even more In this way you can understand the syntactic relationship between words in an excellent way. Beautiful. Let's see here. Thanks to this we can write notes. Exactly. So. Here it is. I don't know if here ... making, there is the type of making ... more difficult, that is ... making, there is a phrase in the middle ... more difficult. But there will be a head ... there will be a head that deals with the phrase in the middle, a head that deals with making more difficult. Keep all the context ... Like here ... it's low, it's low. The fact that it refers to the ROOT was not taken for granted, but there will be tests that will say that it is so, tests that will say that it is not so, in short, everything will be fully arranged. So the matrixes become variables and the tokens become matrixes. The softmax is even more complicated and the final vector is chained and then passed through another output matrix. Super Mario is difficult, I hope they won't ask us this, because really, we're going crazy. No, it's a bit of a crap to know... you have to have a drawing to explain it. Perfect. And here he talked about the nominal predicate. That's right, the dome. I asked him what it meant. What does it mean? And then? And then? Puppying all together, as they say. And basically it works like that with this multi-adaptation And another great feature, is the residual stream So... residual stream... where is it? It's more or less... Booo wait there is a mess here Anyway The use of residual conversion allows the information to flow easily You can see here the results we have to keep the value in range stable, preventing the gradient to explode oh well, I don't know if I remember correctly, basically when tokens are processed from the bottom to the top they follow a series of layers, which are neural networks but sometimes you have to make the same token come back to the end to improve the context, weight, and gradient algorithm and this is called Residual Stim. Ok. It's OK, I can't trust this one much. It's mentioned in a slide perhaps, but it's not so... Ok, then it did the parallelism... ...to the Rocio algorithm. Because in Rokkyo we move the query vector towards the center of the relevant documents, and far from the relevant ones, here we move the embedding of the token to the words that give context, which is indicated by the attention, optimizing the supposition to predict the problem, and we adjust the direction. That's it, but here we have the context as, or the attention. Exactly. Then there's the problem, the problem is that at the moment the tokens are not ordered and therefore one can say the man bites the dog and also the dog bites the man. At this moment it would be practically the same. These bendings complicate even more because you still need the position. and the board told us that in the original paper it was explained in the way of the type we did a little by chance we put some cosine signs and somehow something winning came out the paper attention is all you need, use a complex of functions semi-cosine at different frequencies, as professor's joke, the formal justification of the original paper was very empirical. We have tried so and it works. But mathematically it guarantees a unique signature for each position, so practically in this way way you solve the problem you put the position vectors and then it is also beautiful that table that makes the comparison between the rrn and the transformers that is much superior much better because you go from ODN ... yes OD1 ... to OD1 from complexity per layer ... in one case there is n linear in the other instead ID squared n squared but ... is d ... exactly ... which is the opposite of the other ... yes but wait but here you have explained in theory and it is very good. Why put them all together? The RNNs ask for 0 and 0, or O large dn for sequential operations, creating a big butt-neck. The self-attention, on the other hand, has the complexity of 1 for sequential operations, so all the tokens parallel in the same In RNN, information between the first and last words of a long sentence must be completed or in n steps, and the names of the words are different. In Transformer, the context is continuously connected to each other. And then it allows us to gather everything. then you have the last head in output what do you do, you take the initial matrix that from the one note encoding goes to embedding, you transpose it, you make the transfer and if before as it was said here, if before it was apple, then if you have the vector it becomes apple again, the output will come out. Obviously in the Language Modeling Head there is first the softmax and then this thing then you have the other problem that if you always chose the most probable word The test that comes out would be gross because the most probable word is the most obvious one. And so the last part here is a mess of how to understand it. So, greedy decoding is... at some point it explains the temperature. Yes, exactly. Recording is not good because it's too much, too much obvious. Random sampling is a bit absurd, if you take them at random, you generate a text that does not make much sense. No K-Sampling, take the first K words, which works better but is not good yet, but if you risk having too much noise, if we take it ... ... then maybe it's a little better ... and then there's the temperature, this strange function that basically if you have a low temperature it's too obvious, like the grids from before, if not it's too random with high temperature and therefore there is this thing that is very similar to the interaction of the particles that basically raise the temperature and become, I don't know, they go all around, etc. and that's it, I think this lesson ended here, yes but there are questions questions. So, self-attention. Explain the conceptual reason for decoupling the input and bending into query key and value was compared to the attention mechanism used in older . to give a better value to the token. You have three, so you can increase the... Yes, at first they said that they would separate responsibilities. You also increase the degrees of freedom, because you have a lot of more batteries. A lot. Three. Three more. So... yeah. We write the complete mathematical formula used to compute the output of the self-attention linear. Oh yeah, we saw it earlier. Yeah. The usual thing, and then it also says Explain the engineering necessity... Well, in reality the explanation is quite subtle, because if you have... This is interesting. If you leave the product to scale, there are risks that there are too big numbers. If you put these too big numbers into Softmax, you will have a very high percentage. Yes, always closer to one. And all the other words will have a very low percentage. And so we return to the question of before, that is, you multiply small numbers with other small numbers and you have the same problem as earlier. So to avoid this, unfortunately, you make the number smaller, so you don't have too small numbers. Uh-huh. He asked to do the ROCCO here. To do the ROCCO? Or to explain? Yes, to explain... Oh, yes, the relationship, it can be. In the ROCCO we used the relevance feedback to change our vectors, we made a mean of the relevant vectors, and a mean of the not relevant, and we moved the vector near the relevant ones. Adding a dat mean and subtracting the meaning of the not relevant. In the task form early title, instead I removed the bad links to the words that have more semantic meaning to attention and this is substantiating. Oh my God! I could say basically the same idea! Shhh! Here he gave me ... he backed me up a bit because he didn't say the thing about the residual connection, which is something very... is the original operation of the residual connections x new equals x old times atention which is the math formula of eye movement ok sorry I have to disconnect because I have to go out soon see you tomorrow I don't know if you go out in the morning or afternoon See you tomorrow. Bye bye! The person is not that way. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. The person is not that way. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Then, before moving on, I'd like to understand if you can understand it. Oh yeah, I was going to read it... You've understood what is self-attention, what changes between self-attention and attention? Yes. And...? What is the problem... I don't know... of generation... Now there will be the problem of encoders, right? Who will have the closed-task and self-expedition... Yes, in the decoder it only looks at the font and therefore can generate the next word and what I said before instead in this text. And in fact here we are, then ... You will remember that when we generate a test, we cannot set in the future, in the previous one. In the attention bar the relative weight and future token are set to less than infinity in this way by applying softbox. softbox they pass the time to zero preventing the token that it is intended to receive information for this here the goal is to understand a phrase already provided for internal therefore there is no penalty for the future I am to pay attention to the tokens ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... the 10% is replaced with an odd word it is the same eh? it is the same constant ok, this means that it is a bit inefficient but the results, because you take only the 15% but the results are exceptional and this? he knows that some words have not been changed and that some are instead So you have to try to understand which are the right ones and which are not the right ones. Exactly. The next part is the main problem. And... In this lesson we did the splayed question. Splayed, oh well... The splayed model uses this head not to guess the words but to expand the query. By passing a query... ...splayed uses the mlmed to explode, so to... ...go from a dense representation to a scattered representation. Now we have softmax. But, the problem is that it has the topic shift and... ...there's too much noise. Then, this was the first one. Then there's the second one, so you... ...either in parallel or... Then, you detract this MLM head and you put the NSP head, which is not called NSP head, it is called differently. Anyway, you pass that and you pass to the second timing task which is the Next-Sent Expedition. you have basically you have to guess if the sentence is if two sentences separated by a token is called step are consequent one to the other or not. Basically. Eeeeh ok. I tell you the token step. And the token class that is inserted at the beginning of the same phrase. From the above to the top. Next to the model we have a CPL. It is a binary classifier, true or false. Very simple, so with a sigmoid, not with a softbox, with a simple sigmoid. Then, this was the pre-training phase, now we disconnect the two heads and put one test to do fine tuning. We remove the tests, add an application-specific head, we train the model on a different and labeled dataset, etc. This process is fast compared to the one before and there will be minimal adjustments in this then ok then these are the four categories that the famous beautiful this one there is also the first part of the exam I used to learn I do not remember anymore then there are the single input classification two input classification sensitivity analysis in sentence analysis you have two input, so you have two phrases and you make reference to the paraphrases then this is the second word, there is a name, there is a place, etc. And the other is question and answering because you have two, so it's the question and the answer. Go on, go on. So, we're done here. We did some Coderolli, the ones that had the last penalty, and used the next word prediction, token prediction, I don't know, These use MLM and MSP. Now we have those we made a little more in speed to close the whole in reality because we are at the end. They are the whole architecture. In this case we have those three, here Req and VLU, which were the same in the encoder and the encoder. the decoder has the query and key and value are in the encoder because here you have both encoder and decoder so you pay close attention to all the input that was processed by encoder in every moment of the game. So, BIM Source is practically... You... ummm... You have to translate a sentence. But... in Italian or even Spanish. In fact, in the example of the... Spanish... The Green Witch. Is that one? No. What? No. Where was it? It was somewhere. Here it is. The Green Witch and the Green Witch... Basically The Green Witch and the Green Witch... No, wait. Yes, first there is BROOK and then GREEN. First WITCH. The green witch makes no sense. It's better the green witch, and then essentially the tree is broken, keeping the different ramifications of the words active to find the combination with greater probability. I don't know anything else about this, except that it is not required to know anything else, this is all we know. This is the BIM. The thing I told you is that there is green and witch and witch and green and you have to understand it so there's a tree and you have to calculate the probability of the right phrase because these encoder decoder are often used for translation and then to do the right translation you need this. and then the last thing is the T5 and here we have a prompt that is generated by the encoder and the decoder output is generated and here it talked a little about old stuff and the mono T5 that is the cross encoder if you go to the hospital now you have zero urgency so the bandages probably take you between 15 hours I don't know when it will happen to you, I don't know, see you. If you call the medical guard and if they tell you the real query, there will be a greater probability of matching with the dm-20c. And that's it, finished. all this yes with a few things I did I am 70 pages what 30 was I doing I think the RAG is the same as the E30 I don't know I must say that I know very well so far What is the RAG? Basically the RAG puts together Retrieval and Generation So since we would like to... So, everything started from here. I mean, GPT-San doesn't have a nice context. I mean, sometimes... Here I had to do all these things because, it would be better if before generation there was a retrieval.